magento/devdocs#: Cloud. Add notice about “wizard:ideal-state” (#6055)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.2/cloud/reference/ece-tools-reference.md

php ./vendor/bin/ece-tools wizard:ideal-state
```

{: .bs-callout-info }

> Run `wizard:ideal-state` on the Cloud environment only. Command execution on the local environment always returns `The configured state is not ideal` error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must run the `wizard:ideal-state` command in the Cloud environment. The command always returns the `The configured state is not ideal` error when run in the local development environment.
```

Author: **implemented**

Thank you, @hguthrie
